feat(react-native): Add push notification docs (#5344)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/sdk/analytics/ios/getting-started.mdx

   ![getting-started-analytics](/images/getting-started-analytics.png)

> Analytics events can be grouped into segments, and you can engage your users more deeply by tying their app usage behavior to push notification, email, or SMS messaging campaigns. Read more about this in the [messaging section](/sdk/push-notifications/messaging-campaign) or [click here to learn more about Amazon Pinpoint](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/latest/developerguide/welcome.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analytic events can be grouped into segments, allowing you to engage your users more deeply by tying their app usage behavior to push notification, email, or SMS messaging campaigns. Read more about this in the [messaging section](/sdk/push-notifications/messaging-campaign) or [click here to learn more about Amazon Pinpoint](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/latest/developerguide/welcome.html).
```
